Describe infrastructure and Java 11 obstacles (#855)
luna/enso: docs/infrastructure/README.md

---
layout: section-summary
title: Infrastructure
category: infrastructure
tags: [infrastructure, readme]
order: 0
---

# Infrastructure

> The Enso runtime runs on the GraalVM which is a version of JVM. It currently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Enso runtime runs on the GraalVM which is a version of the JVM. It currently
```

uses JDK 8, but there are plans to migrate to JDK 11. This folder contains all

> documentation pertaining to the used infrastructure, which is broken up as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation pertaining to Enso's infrastructure, which is broken up as
```
